at least 80 unidentified Palestinian
bodies have been handed to the Naser
medical complex in Kan yunes by the
International Red Cross the Palestinians
have previously all been detained by the
Israeli military there's currently no
information on the circumstances of
their deaths or the reason for them
being detained let's go live now to H
Mahmud who joins us from Khan Unice in
southern Gaza what more can you tell us
about these unidentified bodies honey
yes well this is the four time we're
seeing uh bodies of Palestinians
detained and killed or uh removed from
that's created the graveyards across the
Gaza Strip uh uh through coordination
with the Red Cross being brought back uh
to God now the the the the heartbreaking
part of this is none of these bodies is
identified by people there is a tragic
story going on here there are hundreds
of families here they're searching for
their family members and loved ones for
the past uh 9 months or so since the
initial weeks of the war who just have
their children or family members missing
for this long period of time or they
they don't know about anything about
their whereabout and now the scene uh
earlier today at ner hospital as the
cargo container arriv and started to
unload the bodies the scene and the
looks on on people's faces those who
have been searching for family members
for the past nine months it's quite
heartbreaking the the the search through
the the bags those blue blue colar
plastic bag with Hebrew inscription on
them trying to find out to look for any
signs of identification uh of of their
loved ones and family members some
shouted that I remember the last time we
seen this uh person or this uh my my
child or my husband or uh my sibling
they were wearing this or they where
they put something on the watch they
were wearing looked like this they tried
to come up with any sort of signs that
could lead into identification but
unfortunately what we're looking at is a
completely unidentified bodies largely
decomposed to the point it's hard other
unless there is a DNA test which is not
available right now across the G trp and
none of these bodies are going to be
identify these bodies again part of
these uh bodies were taken from
desecrated graveyards across the Gast as
the Israeli military search for hostages
in Kan yunes in the northern part in
Gaza City others who were detained and
killed inside Israeli detention centers
were brought back
today okay thank you very much Han
Mahmud reporting to us from Kan yunes in
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler